You are still obsessed
You stole my identity
Drive away my child
And find someone to hurt me in the most vicious way
Do you think I'll get dirty because of this?
Only your heart is dirty
You still look like this
You are noble, aren't you?
Why don't I live a rich life?
How am I not as good as you?
In the end, in the end, it's just that God doesn't have eyes
It's my own bad life, not my life
It's your choice.
Your every choice
Made your unbearable today
My choice is correct
It's never wrong.
Is stone is stone
It was that bitch who killed me
It's you who hurt me
You ruined me
How are you going?
Let go of me!
Let go of me it's all you
Mr. Gu will be here soon.
Get ready.
Mr. Du, Vice President
You are ad calcium milk
How many times have I said
I take my mother's last name
Call me Mr. Lin
Ok Mr. Lin
Please Mr. Lin
Your itinerary today is 9 am Chinese
10 point math
11 o'clock English
Homework for each subject has been sent to
Special wish uncle
What is my dad busy with recently?
I have to go to school and work every day
I'm exhausted.
Mr. Gu is recently conquering a
Very difficult customer
How difficult is it to have a horse fan? Almost
Really?
Hey, who dropped the orange?
Li Zang
Marry Me
You are to me
Not just the father of my child
I love you more
We have missed so many years
Rest of Life
I don't want to miss you anymore
Wait a minute.
You stay here.
Wait until I pick up a few oranges and come back
Hey, Mr. Lin
May we meet again after a long absence
May we find it again
May we finally
Will be together with happiness